This...is the truth of our world.
Memories melt in the morning light, and then, a new day begins.
Roads stretch out before us.
So many paths.
Which do you choose? That's up to you.
Sometimes, you might run astray.
You'll stop, maybe cry in frustration.
But, you know, that's all right.
For the roads... They go on without end.
So look up, face forward, toward your chosen horizon...
And just...
walk on.

Before the beginning of the universe, in the undulating waves of the
higher dimension,
all things were one. It was the waves spilling out from there that created this
four-dimensional universe of ours. 'Humankind' and the 'Souls of Humankind'
that were born
from there, are merely leftovers of those spilled waves. So...

You're going back there? Is that what you desired?

Lacan... Why such reluctance to become one with the god? What
attachment could you
possibly have to this wretched old world? What meaning can be found in living
out such a short
existence... hurting others, hurting yourself, grinding one another down...
only to inevitably
die and return to dust? Why, everything we could ever desire is here... No need
to be troubled
by the need for love... For this place is filled with the love of god.

I have not lost hope in humans as much as you have, Krelian... Someday
humankind will come
to understand one another! I sincerely believe that!

How can you be so sure? Humans will never come to understand each
other. You said that
she is the person you love. but can you say that you even truly understand each
other? All
humans do is place themselves at a comfortable distance from each other and
call that 'mutual
understanding', 'spiritual unity', or 'true love'... but it is all lies! Man
cannot associate
with others without first deceiving themselves. That is the way that they were
created.

But one being's ego can't determine everyone's fate! People have the right
to choose their
own destiny! That is why humans have free will!

And what if that 'Will' itself was predetermined? What then? Oh what
folly!? Humans
are just primitive life forms that have no such thing as free will... Mankind
has merely been
allowed to live in an imperfect state... "as is", "as will be"... It is for
this very
reason... because humans have this wretched 'will' or whatnot... that humans
must experience
sadness and loss. For someone to gain something means another must lose it...
It is impossible
to make humankind share limited "things" and "affections"... So I came to the
conclusion that
everything must be reverted back to where it all began. To go back to when all
was one...
waves, and nothing else... It is not my -Human's- ego... It is the will of the
'Waves' ...
the will of -god-...

Well that's alright too... We don't have to be perfect. Actually, being
imperfect makes
mankind live by helping each other... That's what being human is... That's
mutual understanding!
That's 'unity' and 'love'... I'm glad... no, I'm proud... to be human! Elly
placed the future,
-tomorrow-, in our hands, based on our choice... And she is working to keep
Deus far away from
our planet. She is also trying to steal your heart... you, who wants to journey
all alone, to
be with god... Can't you understand Elly's feelings!? Do you have to become one
with god
before you are able to comprehend all of this? I understand... I know her
feelings... as if
they were my own... Yes... she and I are one! We don't need god's help!!

Well then, prove it to me... Show me this power of humans! Show me this
-love- that
you say can make you independent of god...